export const englishNotes = `
Meeting: Q1 Planning
Date: Jan 15 2025
Attendees: Alice, Bob, Charlie

Alice opened the meeting. We discussed the Q1 roadmap.

Decisions:
- We will adopt the new CI/CD pipeline by end of February
- The marketing budget is approved at $50k

Action items:
- Bob to prepare the migration plan by Jan 30
- Charlie to send updated designs to the client by Feb 5
- Alice to schedule a follow-up with the VP

Open questions:
- Do we need to hire a contractor for the frontend work?
- What's the timeline for the security audit?
`;

export const frenchNotes = `
Reunion: Planification Sprint 12
Date: 20 janvier 2025
Participants: Marie, Pierre, Sophie

Marie a ouvert la reunion. On a discute du backlog pour le sprint 12.

Decisions prises:
- On garde la stack actuelle, pas de migration React 19 pour l'instant
- Le budget formation est approuve a 5000 euros

Actions:
- Pierre doit finir les tests unitaires avant vendredi
- Sophie va contacter le client pour le feedback
- Marie planifie la demo pour lundi prochain

Points en suspens:
- Est-ce qu'on a besoin d'un nouveau serveur staging?
- Validation du design par le client toujours en attente
`;

export const messyNotes = `
ok so we had the meeting today
john was there, also sarah and mike

basically we agreed on the new pricing, $29/mo for pro plan
john said he'll handle the stripe integration
sarah needs to update the landing page copy - asap
mike is looking into the analytics bug

oh also we decided to push the launch to march 15th instead of march 1st
nobody knows if we should use sendgrid or resend for emails yet
need to figure out the GDPR compliance stuff too

john also mentioned he's OOO next week so sarah covers
`;
